Update the v3 docs homepage (#14238)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/get-started/index.mdx

    for name in names:
        say_hello(name)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # create your first deployment to automate your flow
    hello_universe.serve(name="your-first-deployment")
```

---

## Get started

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="Quickstart" icon="play" href="/3.0rc/get-started/quickstart">
    Learn how to quickly schedule your code to run on remote infrastructure and observe the state of your workflows.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Prefect Cloud" icon="cloud" href="3.0rc/manage/cloud/index">
    Use our hosted workflow application platform that provides all the capabilities of open source Prefect plus additional features.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Upgrade to Prefect 3" icon="sparkles" href="3.0rc/resources/upgrade-prefect-3.mdx">
    Learn how to migrate from Prefect 2 to Prefect 3 to get the latest features and performance enhancements.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Start building

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="Develop" icon="code" href="/3.0rc/develop/write-flows">
    Write and observe workflows, create tasks, and build interactive workflows.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Deploy" icon="rocket" href="/3.0rc/deploy/serve-flows/deploy-a-flow">

>     Serve workflows on long lived infrastructure or scale to zero by deploying workflows to dynamically provisioned infrastructure,.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Serve workflows on long lived infrastructure or scale to zero by deploying workflows to dynamically provisioned infrastructure.
```
```suggestion
    Serve workflows on long lived infrastructure or scale to zero by deploying workflows to dynamically provisioned infrastructure,.
```

---
title: Welcome to Prefect
description: Prefect is a workflow orchestration tool that empowers developers to build, observe, and react to data pipelines.
mode: wide
---

> <a href="https://app.prefect.cloud" class="bg-primary-dark dark:bg-primary-light rounded-md px-4 mr-2 inline-flex text-sm text-white border border-primary-dark dark:border-primary-light">

Reviewer 2: Since these actions are already available in once click, I think we can remove these buttons and pull the rest of the great content you've written up the page.

Sign up
</a>

<a href="https://prefect-python-sdk-docs.netlify.app" class="rounded-md px-4 inline-flex text-sm border border-primary-dark dark:border-primary-light">
API reference
</a>

---

```python
from prefect import flow, task

@task(log_prints=True)
def say_hello(name: str):
    print(f"Hello, {name}!")

@flow
def hello_universe(names: list[str]):
    for name in names:
        say_hello(name)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # create your first deployment to automate your flow
    hello_universe.serve(name="your-first-deployment")
```

---

## Get started

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card title="Quickstart" icon="play" href="/3.0rc/get-started/quickstart">

>     Learn how to quickly schedule your code on remote infrastructure and observe the state of your workflows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Learn how to quickly schedule your code to run on remote infrastructure and observe the state of your workflows.
```

  </Card>

>   <Card title="Prefect Cloud" icon="cloud">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Prefect Cloud" icon="cloud" href="3.0rc/manage/cloud/index">
```

>     Use our hosted workflow application framework that provides all the capabilities of Prefect server plus additional features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use our hosted workflow application platform that provides all the capabilities of open source Prefect plus additional features.
```

  </Card>

>   <Card title="Upgrade to Prefect 3" icon="sparkles">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Upgrade to Prefect 3" icon="sparkles" href="3.0rc/resources/upgrade-prefect-3.mdx">
```

Reviewer 2: This doesn't exist yet but it will

    Learn how to migrate from Prefect 2 to Prefect 3 to get the latest features and performance enhancements.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

## Start building

<CardGroup cols={3}>

>   <Card title="Develop" icon="code">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Develop" icon="code" href="/3.0rc/develop/write-flows">
```

    Write and observe workflows, create tasks, and build interactive workflows.
  </Card>

>   <Card title="Deploy" icon="rocket">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Card title="Deploy" icon="rocket" href="/3.0rc/deploy/serve-flows/deploy-a-flow">
```

>     Serve workflows, schedule work on serverless infrastructure, and bridge the Prefect orchestration environment with your execution environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Serve workflows on long lived infrastructure or scale to zero by deploying workflows to dynamically provisioned infrastructure,.
```

  </Card>

>   <Card title="React" icon="eyes">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <Card title="React" icon="eyes" href="/3.0rc/automate/events/automations-triggers">
```

>     Learn how to react to your workflows with events, automations, and webhooks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Enable workflows to react to their environment with events, automations, and webhooks.
```
